Updated MDK tutorials (#5625)
SAPDocuments/Tutorials: tutorials/fiori-ios-hcpms-setup/fiori-ios-hcpms-setup.md

time: 5
author_name: Sandeep TDS
author_profile: https://github.com/sandeep-tds
---
## Prerequisites  
 - **Tutorial:** If you're new to SAP Cloud Platform, follow the tutorial [View the SAP Cloud Platform from 10,000 Meters](cp-explore-cloud-platform).
 - **Tutorial:** If you don't have an SAP Cloud Platform account, follow the tutorial [Get a Free Trial Account on SAP Cloud Platform](hcp-create-trial-account).

## Details
### You will learn  
- How to access SAP Cloud Platform Mobile Services in your Cloud Foundry account

---

Once SAP Cloud Platform Mobile Services is available, you can use its features in your Mobile development kit, Mobile Cards, SAP Cloud Platform SDK for iOS & Android apps.

[ACCORDION-BEGIN [Step 1: ](Open the SAP Cloud Platform cockpit)]

1. Go to your [SAP Cloud Platform cockpit landing page](https://cockpit.hanatrial.ondemand.com). Click on the **Enter Your Trial Account** to see your global account.

    !![enter trial account](img_1.1.png)

> 2. The global trial account contains **one** subaccount and space. Navigate to subaccount by clicking on the tile named **trial** (this name may vary if you created the subaccount manually).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The global trial account contains **one** subaccount and space. Navigate to subaccount by clicking the tile named **trial** (this name may vary if you created the subaccount manually).
```

    !![enter subaccount](img_1.2.png)

> 3. To get to the space, in which your applications and services live, click on the **dev** space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. To get to the space, in which your applications and services live, choose the **dev** space.
```
